[upbeat hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
[Monet] Previously on Ghost...
So you really did
kill your father?
[Tariq] He might not be here
no more. but...
Ghosts never die.
I need a legitimate paycheck.
I'll have my lawyers
draw up the papers.
All you'll need
is someone to sign on
as president
of the corporation
and a 30K down payment.
[Ott] The Sweeney thing.
I was really kinda hoping
you'd given up on that dream.
[Tate] You hoped wrong.
[tense music plays]
[woman gasping]
- [gunshot]
- [woman screams]
Nice work.
With him out the way.
I'm counting on you.
I got you.
First order of business.
whip out
that little cell phone
and call your pops.
We gotta tell him
that we don't have any product
on account of us
getting robbed and all.
Get my fucking weight back.
I'll try. Papi.
but it's probably
already up at Stansfield.
Dru. get my fucking drugs.
[Diana] Maybe I can help.
♪ ♪
[Mecca]
Where is my fucking bag?
What the fuck
you talking about?
I know you stole
my drugs. Cane.
but I let that shit slide.
Not this bag. though.
♪ ♪
[Tariq] You ratted on some of
the biggest heads in the game.
You're. like. the GOAT
of global snitching.
What do you want?
I want two million.
[Jenny] I need hard evidence
against Tariq St. Patrick.
and I need it now.
Brayden. you're the one
on the tape.
You're implicated
by this evidence.
and I think you could give me
Tariq St. Patrick on a platter.
You can testify.
or I can indict you.
What if Trace testifies?
Tariq's chick wore a wire.
She got us both on tape.
She talks. we both go down.
Get the fuck in the car!
You do not wanna do this.
[Monet] Lorenzo came after us.
He came after Zeke.
He won't rest until he takes
everything away from me.
We need to kill his ass.
♪ ♪
[Joe] ♪ They say this is
A big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it
This is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ I never took
A straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
And turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
Yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
In these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey. I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15 minutes
They moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow. bag it
Then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options
Get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man
In the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal. royal flow
My James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007
That's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes ♪
♪ And tell her
Baby. I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration
You're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
Moving with no hesitation ♪
[Joe] ♪ They say this is
A big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah. I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it
This is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it ♪
♪ ♪
[smooth hip-hop music plays]
[singer]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'ma show you how to dream ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah... ♪
I got you a little something.
Oh. wow.
Yeah.
More gifts. I love it.
[singer]
♪ Everything
I've asked for... ♪
Beautiful.
Thank you.
So you thought this all
the way through. didn't you?
A goal without a plan
is just a wish. right?
Yeah. I've been planning this
ever since I lost you.
You turned yourself into Mecca.
and you lied to me.
No. I turned myself into Mecca
to do whatever it took
to find my way back to you.
The last thing I ever wanted
was for the game
to get between us again.
Nae-Nae.
And that's why we gotta be real
careful getting rid of Lorenzo.
What?
You was down last night.
Why you backing out now?
I'm just saying
we need to be careful.
Look. Lorenzo goes missing.
turns up dead.
what's our cover. hmm?
If Cane does it.
we can establish our alibi
at my penthouse.
It's perfect.
No one will ever suspect
either one of us
had anything to do
with that shit.
[tense music plays]
Unless. of course.
Cane ain't 100
and we have a bigger problem.
Cane does whatever I say.
Hmm.
Like when he stole your coke?
Tricked you
into working with me?
♪ ♪
You're right.
Cane should kill Lorenzo.
I'll tell him myself.
♪ ♪
Okay.
I'm gonna go tell
the captain we're ready.
All right.
♪ ♪
[line rings]
[Lauren]
You've reached Lauren Baldwin.
Please leave a message.
Shit. fuck. Where are you?
Who are you calling?
Boy. if it's another girl
on that phone.
you ain't gotta do
all that. okay?
Just leave a message.
You buggin'.
[sighs] I gotta go early.
I'm meeting Davis before court.
And I was just...
...I was just calling to see
if Lauren got out of town safe.
[apprehensive music plays]
I-I'm sure she did.
You don't have to worry.
I mean. she's not
answering no calls.
no texts. nothing.
She probably ditched her phone.
Yeah. but I still
gotta worry. though.
Tate held it down. yes.
but I never know
what the fuck is coming
for me next.
♪ ♪
Well. whatever it is. I'm here
every step of the way. okay?
[dramatic music plays]
I gotta ask you something.
♪ ♪
My sister's adoption
is about to be final.
and my dad made it
so once it is.
her records are sealed. and...
I'll never be able
to see her again.
♪ ♪
Effie. if I go inside.
would you...
would you find her for me?
♪ ♪
Uh. you-you would
trust me to do that?
♪ ♪
Other than my mom.
you the only person
I can trust at all.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Tate bought us some time.
but he may have done
more harm than good.
Jenny checked out
the witness Tate mentioned
on the stand--bogus.
So she found one that wasn't.
Trace Weston.
The fuck?
[Davis sighs] Yeah.
Any idea what Trace knows?
[sighs]
Cane.
All right. Cane gave--
gave Brayden
some pills to sell.
Trace stole them.
and when Cane found out.
he took them both
to the hood to scare them.
Ramirez gave them a ride
back to Stansfield.
Where were you
when this happened?
You know. you should know.
Saxe.
I was actually in my dorm
with snitchin'-ass Riley.
Um. that's great news.
We can put her on the stand.
No. no.
Riley's mom. my sister.
still doesn't talk to me.
I can't-I can't
rope her into this.
You're absolutely right.
And you should have thought
of this moment
before you put her in play.
Look. if I have to burn you
and Riley
to defend my client.
so be it.
[scoffs]
Look. um. once Trace names Cane
in open court.
Cane'll think you put Trace
up to it.
We both know why.
Yes. to get him back for
putting the badge in my room.
[sighs] Yeah.
How long have you known?
He'll be looking for you.
Look. let me go talk to Saxe.
♪ ♪
[line rings]
[Brayden]
Yo. yo. yo. this is Brayden.
If this is about a party
or date. hang up--
♪ ♪
[upbeat music plays]
[Mecca] So what you think?
- [Zeke] Oh. this shit is fly.
- [Mecca chuckles]
[Zeke]
Ah. these cars is dope as hell.
Aw. shit you got a jet too?
[Mecca] Mm-hmm.
Speaking of which.
have you decided
if you're coming with us?
I mean. Zeke.
what's left for you here. hmm?
You dropped out of Stansfield.
The Kings are reconsidering.
Yeah. but here
I know where I stand.
With Monet. I never do.
And honestly. if you trust her.
I'm not sure
if I can trust you.
Whoa. hold on.
I never lied to you.
When Monet said she was
with you the night Carrie died.
was that the truth?
Zeke. what looks like
lies and betrayal.
I'm telling you. it's nothing
but unconditional love.
Now. maybe you'll
understand that
when you have kids of your own.
but Monet would
do anything for you.
[dramatic music plays]
You can trust me on that.
♪ ♪
You see this one right here?
She's yours.
For real?
Yes. All yours.
[chuckles]
Thanks.
There's an open seat
on that plane
when we dip out
the night after tomorrow.
Only you choose
if you're on it.
♪ ♪
[Monet]
You was fine last night.
What's the problem?
I said that shit because
that's what you told Mecca
or Dante or whatever
you wanna call him.
I lied.
We both know Lorenzo
didn't rob him.
Look. I lied to save yo' ass.
Still don't change
our plans with Mecca.
It don't. huh?
That's because he want me
to do it. right?
He does.
♪ ♪
You ask me to do
some crazy shit. Ma.
and I've done everything
you ever asked me to do.
but I can't believe you want me
to kill my own fucking father.
Why?
I'm the one scheming
and scraping
to keep your ass outta of jail.
not him.
♪ ♪
What does 'Renzo mean to you
at this point. Cane?
You ain't running the business.
He gave it to Dru.
And when he shut us down.
we had to go behind his back
to feed ourselves.
And don't forget how he got
the prison guards
to beat you down
when you got out of line.
He rockin' that Jesus piece
you got him.
but he don't even respect you.
What kinda shit is that?
That's my fucking father.
I got his name.
More of a reason
for you to be next in line.
♪ ♪
Yo. if this was
any other nigga in the street
disrespecting you
like this. Cane.
you would've been put
his ass in the ground.
♪ ♪
[sighs] Your father shot at me.
You gonna stand for that?
♪ ♪
It's him or me. Cane. Choose.
I do this shit.
Dru and Diana
will never forgive me.
You know that. right?
I'll deal with Dru and Diana.
♪ ♪
Here. It's clean.
Where the fuck is Tariq?
Where is this nigga
when I need him?
I don't need Tariq for shit.
And that motherfucker
not touching Pops.
Maybe not. but maybe
he can help you
wrap your mind around it.
Look. this nigga killed
his own father.
♪ ♪
Wait. you telling me this
pussy-ass nigga offed his pops?
Yeah.
♪ ♪
Fuck it. I'll do it.
I told Mecca
he could trust you.
♪ ♪
[Jenny] In summation. the Brady
violation that Mr. MacLean
was so worried about
didn't occur. Your Honor.
[Judge Lucas] Glad to hear it.
I see you've submitted
a revised witness list
with a Robert "Trace"
Weston III added.
I have.
Unfortunately. I was told
this morning that Trace is ill.
Since his testimony is crucial
and to not delay us further.
I'd like to call
another witness
that can testify
to the same set of facts.
The defense wouldn't need
additional preparation.
Um. Your Honor. the prosecution
can't just sub in witnesses
like an NBA roster.
We've delayed long enough
as it is.
I'll allow it with a stern
warning. Ms. Sullivan.
This is your last chance.
Thank you. Your Honor.
I'd like to call
Brayden Weston to the stand.
[crowd murmuring]
What?
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[Brayden] What about
Professor Reynolds?
Professor Reynolds
wasn't supposed to die.
He just started doing too much.
Once the kid died in the pool.
he wanted to help the cops
with their investigation.
and he wanted to write
a book about my life.
[bailiff] Do you solemnly swear
to tell the truth.
the whole truth.
and nothing but the truth.
so help you God?
I do.
[dramatic music plays]
Mr. Weston. are you familiar
with the defendant?
Tariq? Yeah. we're friends.
We met at Choate.
We were roommates--
But Tariq wasn't
at Choate for long.
Do you recall
why he transferred?
Yeah. somebody
was selling drugs on campus.
The dean found a stash
in our room.
assumed it was Tariq's.
A student
selling drugs at school.
Just like in
Professor Reynolds' novel.
And at Stansfield. you're also
roommates with Tariq
even though it appears he was
assigned to Ezekiel Cross?
I asked Tariq to switch.
We had extra room
in my father's old dorm. so...
♪ ♪
Which is why I know
Tariq didn't kill
Professor Reynolds
and Officer Ramirez.
[crowd murmuring]
Your Honor.
Mr. Weston. keep your answers
within the scope
of the questions
Ms. Sullivan asks you.
I apologize. Your Honor.
but I just want her to know
that I was the one
that was dealing drugs
at Choate and Stansfield.
not Tariq.
- Objection.
- You object?
Your Honor.
this is her witness.
Mr. Weston. one more misstep.
and you and I have a problem.
do you understand?
I understand.
Permission to treat the witness
as hostile. Your Honor.
Permission granted.
[Jenny] Mr. Weston.
you say you're the one
selling drugs at Stansfield.
Your proof?
My proof is CourseCorrect.
It's an app that I built.
Designed for tutoring. but it's
actually a front for drugs.
But how do we know that
you're the one behind the app?
I mean. you just admitted
you're friends
with the defendant.
You could be covering for him.
Here is paperwork
from Stern Enterprises
that shows that I am
the president of CourseCorrect.
[crowd murmuring]
- May I approach. Your Honor?
- Um. us too. Your Honor?
[Judge Lucas] Yes. all of you.
♪ ♪
That's about right.
Here you go. Judge.
Right there.
This is yet another piece
of exculpatory evidence
that Ms. Sullivan failed
to bring forward or find.
She-she built her entire case
on a motive
which Mr. Weston just skewered
with concrete evidence.
He's the campus drug dealer
in the victim's novel.
I move to dismiss.
I don't have to prove motive.
Your Honor.
That is true. but do you think
you have any chance
of a conviction
with this jury?
♪ ♪
[crowd murmuring]
Could you move to dismiss
without prejudice. Your Honor?
Allow the district attorney
the opportunity
to re-present
with new evidence.
Jeopardy's attached.
Your Honor.
[Judge Lucas]
He's right. Ms. Sullivan.
Based on this recent
turn of events.
I would like to thank the jury
for their service.
This case is dismissed.
What? It's over?
Mr. St. Patrick.
you are free to go.
♪ ♪
I told you. boy.
I can't believe you did that.
♪ ♪
My client has no comment.
[Davis] Yup.
We did it. kid.
You are free to go.
♪ ♪
Tough break. I was thinking--
Nope.
♪ ♪
[clears throat]
[Davis] To our prison-free
future together.
You know. now that
my charges are dropped.
I need to stop
my sister's adoption.
I'ma try to get custody.
Once I do. that means I'm out.
Tariq. uh. since the day
we met. you've been hustling.
I mean. first Natasha.
then your sister.
But today you get
a fresh start. my friend.
and in a few years.
flush with cash.
you're done with Stansfield.
Focus on your sister then.
Nah. I ain't doing that.
All right. that's some shit
that my father would do.
I ain't built like that nigga.
And since I can't speak
to my mother.
I need to think about
what she would want me to do.
and I think she would want me
to take care of Yasmine.
For real.
Your charges were just dropped.
I know Jenny Sullivan's
not gonna
let the Cane Tejada
evidence go.
and if it backs up on Cane.
it backs up on us.
I ain't gonna lie. that shit
backs up on you. okay?
And to be honest.
you owe me a refund.
'cause Brayden's the one
that got my charges dropped.
not you.
[coughs] Excuse me. A-a refund?
[Tariq] Yes.
You done lost
your rabid-ass mind. son.
You know it's against
the rules for attorneys
to double-dip.
You got paid for Cane too.
[scoffs]
My nigga.
You know who dropped
that badge in my room.
and you ain't say shit.
Only one reason not to.
I was protecting you.
Hey. I still am.
I should let you go
to the. uh. bar committee
and file your little complaint
about my conflict of interest.
[gasps]
Ooh. but then you'd have
to admit you and Cane
were both guilty
in order to make it stick.
♪ ♪
We both know you ain't
gon' do that. killer.
So I'ma keep my money...
and you gonna hustle.
The Tejadas ain't gonna just
- let you walk away. son.
- [phone buzzes]
Yeah. whatever. I gotta dip.
Make sure Warren
stops this adoption.
Once I get my sister back.
we done. a'ight?
You know what. kid?
♪ ♪
You might make
a decent lawyer someday.
[scoffs]
Nigga. you know there's
no such thing
as a decent lawyer.
♪ ♪
[line rings]
- [Cane] What's up?
- Cane.
My brother. great news.
[soft music playing
over speakers]
[indistinct chatter]
[Jenny] Cooper.
Jenny. Hey.
Uh. how'd you find me?
I. uh--you used to come here
after every win
when you were on our side.
Ah.
Lauren Baldwin is dead.
[suspenseful music plays]
[voice breaking]
It's all my fault.
[Saxe] No. no. Jenny.
Come here.
You?
♪ ♪
I. um...
I removed
Lauren's protective custody
when Carrie Milgram
took her place.
Well. you did it
by the book.
How could you have known?
♪ ♪
Any leads on a shooter?
A shooter?
No. a car accident.
Locals found her
late last night
just outside the city.
Her parents thought she was
in D.C. visiting a friend.
♪ ♪
Car had no plates.
Bag full of cash.
Lauren was running.
She was afraid for her life.
and Carrie warned me.
♪ ♪
And thanks to your client.
they're both dead.
♪ ♪
Normally. I'd be happy
to throw Tariq under the bus.
♪ ♪
Until today.
he had an ankle monitor.
Did it go off last night?
♪ ♪
No.
And thus far.
evidence points to Carrie
committed suicide.
Isn't that suspicious?
It's too perfect
to actually be a suicide.
Or a career-driven woman
overcome by her feelings
of anger. guilt. shame
felt powerless
and took matters
into her own hands.
Like I almost did.
♪ ♪
What are you talking about?
[sighs]
James St. Patrick.
Every witness or colleague
I lost.
the more I wanted to nail him.
I planted evidence against him.
and I got caught.
Tameika told me
I was going to jail...
...so I grabbed a fucking gun.
[scoffs] But I got lucky.
Someone got him first.
Jesus. I...
I had no idea.
Never said it out loud before.
[dramatic music plays]
But you...
♪ ♪
[sighs]
...you-you should take the L.
Now. you go after Tariq again.
another loss could derail
your career as a prosecutor.
Isn't that what really matters?
- [scoffs]
- Just walk away.
Just walk away
while you still can.
♪ ♪
You know. at some point. Saxe.
walking away means
becoming an accomplice.
♪ ♪
And you wonder why
we can't be a real thing.
♪ ♪
It's because of this.
Thanks for the drink.
♪ ♪
[Monet] Keeping white boy
around worked out for you.
Congratulations.
Yeah. good looking. but I know
that's not why you called.
[Monet] You owe me a favor.
I need you to help me
kill Mecca.
Wait. if you wanna
kill the connect
after we just robbed him.
that don't seem too good
for business.
Mecca's not just a connect.
I knew him back in the day.
but I didn't know who he was
'cause I knew him
as somebody else.
Dante Spears. right?
[tense music plays]
Yeah. he paid me a visit.
I know Cane probably told you.
You know. that bag
that we stole from him
had a tracker in it
'cause there was something
more important than just
a fucking diamond in there.
It was papers
with his real name
and the name of his son.
Ezekiel Cross.
You knew all that?
Why keep you breathing?
Hid the bag before
he could get to me.
Plus. I'm the only one
that knows where the bag is.
I mean. he made me
hold his tracker shit. but...
once I give up that bag.
I'm just as good as dead.
♪ ♪
You know them papers also said
that Mecca was a federal
informant too. right?
A fucking snitch?
♪ ♪
Nah. fuck Mecca.
Fuck this nigga.
He deserve every bullet
I'ma put in his ass now.
Mecca think Lorenzo
stole his product.
I'm sure that's what
you told him.
What the fuck else
was I gonna tell this nigga?
He believe me.
but he don't believe
that he can trust Cane.
So he want Cane to do Lorenzo
on some
"test of loyalty" bullshit.
Look. I need you to help Cane
come up with a plan
to kill his father.
Then I need you to help Cane
follow that plan long enough
for me to kill Mecca first
so I could save Lorenzo's life.
[sighs]
♪ ♪
A'ight. I'll help you.
but I gotta keep it
a buck with you.
♪ ♪
I asked Mecca for some cash
in exchange for that bag.
and I need him alive
long enough
so I could get that money.
a'ight?
Once I get that money.
you could do
whatever the fuck
you wanna do with Mecca.
And I'ma be outta
this game completely.
♪ ♪
I see.
Okay. Tariq.
Once Mecca's dead...
you're free to go.
♪ ♪
[Lorenzo] Yeah. a'ight.
A quarter shipment will work.
I got a new delivery spot.
Plus. Mecca gets
his payment on time.
So we got a audience
listening to our
marital problems. Lorenzo?
[Lorenzo] McVey. Carlito.
why don't y'all go outside.
guard the door?
You think I shot
at you and Zeke?
I know it wasn't you.
It was Dante.
He's the fucking connect.
Mecca.
Been playing us the whole time.
Bullshit.
I wish it was.
Cane's in danger.
Mecca thinks I'm down for him.
but I'm only going along
with this shit
to keep him
from killing our son.
When I spoke to Cane.
I asked him
to come home;
he said he couldn't.
Mecca won't let him
out of his sight
unless it's to see me.
That fucking soldier McVey.
he's Mecca's.
I thought that nigga
was doing me a favor.
He's been keeping tabs on us?
Look. our whole family's
in danger.
Do you believe I'll do whatever
it takes to save our children?
Yeah. even when
shit's going bad for us.
you always put them first.
Well. thank you
for giving me that.
Now. Mecca wants you dead.
and he wants Cane to do it.
But we gotta make him believe
that Cane will.
I got Tariq helping us.
You gotta get Dru
and Diana on board.
Tariq has a plan.
and he's gonna need their help.
♪ ♪
So you got all this shit
figured out. huh?
When do I put
the bullet into Mecca?
You don't. I am.
Nah. that's my job. Mon.
I protect the family.
Look. fuck all that.
You go to Mecca's.
his soldiers put a bullet
in Cane. Dru. and Diana.
You want that?
♪ ♪
- Trust Monet?
- Lie to Cane?
And Tariq's part of this too?
Papi. that sounds sus.
We all need to put
our personal shit
with Monet aside. okay?
If Monet wanted Pops dead.
she'd have shot him already.
Yeah. well. maybe there's
something else she needs.
Yes. there is--to save Cane.
We all need to.
You think Monet's gonna let
something bad happen to Cane?
Fuck no. but. Papi.
what if the plan don't work
or Mecca finds out
what we're doing?
Well. let's just hope
it doesn't get to that. right?
[speaking Spanish]
Remember that.
So what's up?
We ready to do this or what?
I'm in.
Me too.
I'ma hit up Tariq and find out
what he needs from me and Di.
Good. And keep me posted.
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
Bro. did you empty
the dead drop?
Fuck you talking about?
When would I even
have time to do that?
Where you going?
My dad's pulling me
out of school.
Looks like you'll be
booked here running shit
while I'm sitting
in a fucking cubicle
at my family's hedge fund.
CourseCorrect's dead.
but our publicity's fire. bro.
I mean. all we would need to do
is just get some more product
and we're good.
we're back in the--
[Tariq] Yo. listen.
Was my card used to open
any lockers recently?
Yeah. last two times.
Fucking Diana.
She was here the other day.
She probably swiped my code.
Diana. what a fucking savage.
Whatever. listen.
Yesterday. man.
you held that shit down. bro.
I really can't even
repay you for that.
But you gotta know that I'm...
I'm outta this shit. B.
-'Riq. come on.
-Bro. I'm out.
A'ight. this is my chance
to hold it down for Yasmine.
just like you
held it down for Trace.
Yes. I know Trace wasn't sick.
I know he was supposed
to testify. but it's all good.
I ain't tripping.
You handled it.
We just can't let
Cane find out.
Facts.
[somber music plays]
Uh. yo. how'd it go
with Lauren?
I've given her a few calls.
but she-she's not answering.
Lauren drove off without me.
Um. I told her no phone.
so she's laying low.
♪ ♪
Yeah. she's smart.
She'll be fine.
It's probably better
we don't know
where she went. anyways. right?
♪ ♪
Yeah. I guess.
Yeah. you're right.
[door clicks open]
Ooh. see y'all still
ain't locking this door.
huh. Dumb and Dumber?
What the fuck
are you doing here?
Mm...
you's a free man now.
Heard Casper here kept it
ten toes down.
Took care of all
that shit. right?
[suspenseful music plays]
Yeah. I took care of it all.
everything.
We're all good.
♪ ♪
All right. I'ma head out.
Catch you later. bro.
[Tariq] Mm-hmm.
[fingers snap]
[Cane] That's cute.
♪ ♪
I know why you're here.
Monet sent you.
[phone beeping]
Hey. Mecca wants you
to do this shit alone.
so I'ma ditch this.
I forwarded the calls.
and if he tracks me.
it'll look like
I'm still on campus.
And what if he comes
looking for you?
Your mom'll handle it.
Yo. you sure you ready
to do some shit like this?
- Kill Lorenzo?
- Nigga. know who the fuck I am?
Get the fuck outta here.
Now's not the time
to act like you know
what the fuck you doing.
a'ight?
'Cause I know you don't.
Listen. I killed my dad
to save my family.
A'ight?
Dru. Monet. Diana--
Mecca'll go after all of them
if you don't kill Lorenzo.
And he'll make sure
you're the last one alive
so you can see all of them die
right in front of your face.
You know what type
of nigga he is.
[dramatic music plays]
[sighs]
You don't have a choice.
Just like I ain't
have a choice.
So just get ready. man.
'cause after this shit.
you ain't never
gonna be the same. Cane.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
Ezekiel Cross.
this is a surprise.
May I help you?
Uh...
Carrie--I mean...
...Professor Milgram.
You got her case. right?
Y'all still think
it's a suicide?
You found her body. Zeke.
Medical examiner confirmed it.
But if you've got something
you'd like to share.
we have an open-door
policy around here.
Is there something
you need to tell me?
♪ ♪
I was just making sure.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
[clears throat]
Hey. look.
I'd like to say I'm surprised.
but I actually
knew you back then.
Okay. this is
when I was in college.
It was a long time ago.
I mean. how the hell
did you even get this?
[Tate]
Your finest scotch. please.
- [server] Yes.
- [Ott clears throat]
And guilty as charged.
Okay. Steven. I mean. come on.
You're not caving in
to this BLM bullshit.
- [Ott] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- I mean. you know.
this is ancient history;
it's a fucking Halloween party.
"Blackface Leaves Black Mark
as Disgraced Congressman
Vacates Office."
A headline like that
certainly goes viral.
What. and you're okay
with this. Steven?
No. but I'd like to avoid
that headline.
which is why we're gonna
control the narrative.
Listen to me.
we schedule a press conference.
I don't know.
a family member got cancer.
You found God. whatever
the excuse. you give it.
You step down. you endorse
Rashad as your replacement.
and that's how it's gonna go.
Hey. look. you had a good run.
you know. until you didn't.
My record is spotless.
I mean. I survived
this "Me Too" bullshit.
I mean. surely you can't--
Yeah. just go easy
on the bronzer.
You know. for the cameras.
- You smug. arrogant--
- [Tate] Nigga?
Hmm?
That's about
to take your fucking job.
Go ahead. Publish the photo.
In six months. the public
will have forgotten
about this nonsense
all on their own.
I wouldn't say that.
but perhaps... [clears throat]
...after six months
and some much-needed time off.
you decide to. uh.
run for Senate
with the backing of a solid
freshman Congressman
and. of course.
our mutual friend here.
Exactly. by which time.
we could easily
put in a good word
for a cabinet position.
I don't know. Interior.
maybe HUD?
Shit. if Ben Carson can do it.
So what do you say.
Rick. my boy?
♪ ♪
Fuck you. Rashad.
Yeah. I'll do it.
[breathes deeply]
Good luck with him. Steven.
You're gonna need it.
♪ ♪
[Mecca] We need to end
this beef right now.
Lorenzo and Tariq set up GTG.
They stole my product.
They're our enemy.
Me and you.
we need to start over.
rebuild trust.
[scoffs]
You want me to dead Lorenzo
so we can rebuild trust?
It's an opportunity
for you to show me
what you're really made of.
Now. I have arranged to have
a small shipment
delivered to Lorenzo
tomorrow night.
You could do it then.
He will never see you coming.
If you want the top spot.
killing Lorenzo shows me
that you're ready to be me.
And who the fuck are you again?
'Cause I thought
you were the connect.
but you're also Zeke's pops.
You lied to me.
I move weight.
Drugs and guns.
I'm part of an international
distribution chain.
Ain't shit changed
in that regard.
Neither has my offer to you.
So I do this. I take over
your business in New York.
You don't sound convinced.
I wish I could prove it to you.
but the proof is in the bag
that Tariq is holding
for ransom.
Why don't we just dead Tariq?
I know all his hiding spots.
We can check those
after I put him
in the fucking ground.
We will. but not right now.
I got eyes on Tariq.
I'll get my bag.
Either way. you right.
Tariq has overstayed
his fucking welcome.
What are y'all talking about?
[Mecca] You spoke to Zeke?
Zeke ain't coming with us.
And after speaking to 'Renzo.
Dru and Diana
ain't coming either.
Hmm. maybe we should delay
our departure.
give Zeke some time
to reconsider.
Look. he needs some space.
If we leave.
I think he'll follow us.
♪ ♪
Yeah.
[line rings]
[phone buzzes]
Fuck you want?
[Mecca] I see you're at school.
Yep.
Look. meet me tomorrow night
at my hangar.
I'll have what you want.
All right. bet.
See you tomorrow.
[Warren] Mr. St. Patrick.
thanks for meeting me out here.
Well. uh. it's official.
Yasmine's adoption
has been stopped.
and custody is reverting
back to you.
I know this has been
quite a journey
for you and your sister.
Are you absolutely sure that
this is what's best for her?
I am.
Understood.
Uh. by the way.
I am very sorry. Tariq.
About?
What the fuck is he doing here?
Mr. Saxe called me.
He said he had
some news for you. so. um...
I'll leave you to it.
Thank you.
This better not be
some bullshit. Saxe.
What is it?
Lauren Baldwin is dead.
♪ ♪
You didn't know?
No. no. How?
What. you think I had
something to do with it?
That's why you came over here?
I wasn't sure.
♪ ♪
I'm sorry.
I knew you two were close.
I haven't told Davis yet.
She died in a car accident.
Are you sure
it was an accident?
That's what the locals think.
My question is. do you?
♪ ♪
Tariq. if you know something.
tell me.
I told Lauren to get
out of town for her safety.
That's all I know.
Are you the only person
that knew she was leaving town?
Cane Tejada know?
♪ ♪
I gotta go.
Saxe.
Impressive. huh?
Ah.
Can we talk? In private?
Uh. Crystal. give us a moment.
What now?
We have blood on our hands.
[tense music plays]
You let Tariq hear the wire.
Did you let Cane hear it too?
Get the fuck outta here. man.
You stupid?
No. Lauren Baldwin is dead.
♪ ♪
Yeah. and Carrie.
who you said wasn't the type
to commit suicide.
Both were tied up
in that recording.
And you think I'm responsible?
After I told you I knew Carrie.
Oh. what. you-you saying
you had feelings for her?
Come on. after what you did
to her on the stand?
Especially then. hmm?
Not that it's any
of your business.
but I would never have
put Carrie in danger.
[scoffs] You took money
from Cane Tejada.
And you framed
James St. Patrick for murder.
Don't come in here
waving your sanctimonious
self-hatred at me.
I've accepted who I am.
Survival of the fittest.
That's what I do. survive.
♪ ♪
And so do you.
We're the fucking same.
♪ ♪
You got that other case
I left you?
Oh. Theo Rollins? [scoffs]
I could tell you unlike Tariq
and Cane. Rollins is innocent.
[dramatic music plays]
You're sure?
Yeah. someone else clearly
committed the manslaughter.
The prosecutor
suppressed evidence
that indicated
the actual assailant
was at least four inches taller
than Theo Rollins.
♪ ♪
Then why is he still inside?
I'm working on it.
Well. work harder.
This is the most important case
at this firm.
and...
I'm trusting you.
♪ ♪
This shit
is all my fucking fault.
Hey. don't do that. okay?
You did everything you could
despite her
wearing a wire on you.
Effie. Lauren would've
still been alive
if she hadn't met me. a'ight?
Everyone around me
either ends up dead
or has to go away
because of my shit.
and that's exactly
why I'm all on my own.
That's not true.
You have me. Brayden.
You have people.
And I really fuck with you.
You're not alone. okay?
I know I got people. Effie.
it's just...
[somber music plays]
...I don't want Yasmine
to end up like Raina.
♪ ♪
You know. maybe me
being around her
isn't the best way
to protect her.
♪ ♪
[engine rumbling]
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[car doors closing]
[text message swooshes]
♪ ♪
[phone buzzes]
[knock at door]
♪ ♪
[Tameika] Vanessa Edwards.
[knock at door]
Vanessa Edwards.
special delivery.
♪ ♪
Who is it?
[Tameika] Tasha. it's me.
♪ ♪
Tameika.
what are you doing here?
Did something happen?
Not what you think.
[soft music plays]
Mommy!
Yasmine! Oh. my baby.
Oh. come here.
♪ ♪
Oh. I can't believe it.
Are you okay?
I missed you.
♪ ♪
Thank you. Thank you.
You're welcome.
♪ ♪
Start packing.
You're about to be on the move.
Grab her stuff.
♪ ♪
So where's Tariq?
Did he do this?
[Tameika clears throat]
I'm not familiar
with that name. Vanessa.
I'm only gonna say this once.
so I need you both
to hear me well.
Whoever this Tariq person is.
he can't be here.
I pulled a lot of strings
just to get you Olivia.
Tell your mother what
we talked about in the car.
My name's
Olivia Nicole Edwards.
I was born July ninth
in Fort Wayne. Indiana.
I have no brothers or sisters.
but I really want
a cocker spaniel.
Here's her paperwork.
I just need to know
if he's okay.
I understand.
But my advice to both of you
would be to move on.
You have a chance
to build a new life
for yourselves together.
And I suggest
you focus on that.
As for anyone who is not here.
I wouldn't get your hopes up.
♪ ♪
Don't underestimate my son.
Tameika.
That boy will surprise you.
I promise you that.
He's already surprised me.
♪ ♪
Oh. missed you so much.
[Saxe] Hey. hey.
You know the deal. Tariq.
They can't see you.
As far as they're concerned.
you don't exist.
Yeah. as long
as I'm not around.
they'll be safe. right?
Yo. you know someone
named Dante Spears?
Well. shit. yeah.
High-level federal informant.
You know him?
I just found out
he's the reason
y'all went after Lobos.
[scoffs] Lobos. Jimenez.
He racked up so much bad blood.
he was sanctioned
from reentering the U.S.
for his own safety.
[sighs]
Without Dante. Eastern District
would've never mounted
an investigation
into your father.
[tense music plays]
Angela and him. who knows?
♪ ♪
That's what I thought.
[Dru clears throat]
Shit is identical.
They're perfect.
Okay. Detective.
What are we doing with these?
[chuckles]
You ever play Three Card Monte?
As a kid. yeah.
Lost every time.
Usual thing. three cards.
I had to pick the money card
to win. but it was a hustle.
There was never any money card
'cause Cane would distract me
and use D to steal the card
when I wasn't looking.
[laughs] See. you ain't notice
because all the cards
on the back
look exactly the same
and you underestimated
your baby sister.
[chuckles]
Look. basically. our plan
is the same shit. all right.
except Mecca's bag.
that's the real money card.
He got all his eyes
on us. a'ight?
So we gotta use that
to our advantage.
We use ourselves as bait
so Mecca has to follow us.
Exactly--
we spread out his manpower.
While he's too busy
watching us.
Diana goes and grabs
the real bag.
But how's Diana gonna know
where you hid the bag?
Same place you motherfuckers
stole my drugs from.
♪ ♪
Shit. [clears throat]
All right. look. man.
about that--
I don't give a fuck. a'ight?
It's all right.
Look. by the time
Diana gives me the real bag.
Mecca's men will be
cleared out.
and he'll think Cane
finished Lorenzo.
Once I get the real bag
from Diana.
I'll meet Mecca at the hangar
and I'll help Monet
finish the job.
It's just in case
anything goes south.
we gotta make sure
Diana does not look
into that real bag. a'ight?
It gives her
plausible deniability.
♪ ♪
I got you.
A'ight.
♪ ♪
[dramatic music plays]
- Got your piece?
- In the glove box.
Good.
I gotta get to the warehouse.
I'll meet you there later. Dru.
Both of you. watch your backs.
- Sí.Papi.
- Bet.
I gotta keep moving.
Promise me. do not look
in the bag. all right?
I won't.
Di. promise me.
Dru. I said I won't. okay?
[phone buzzes]
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
McVey. you were right.
Stay close to Lorenzo.
He has the bag.
I'll follow Dru.
Something's up.
♪ ♪
That was taken
from a traffic cam
the night of Carrie's suicide.
That fits within the coroner's
window of time of death.
And it's just blocks
from her apartment.
Is this what you wanted to talk
to me about the other night?
♪ ♪
Uh. my Aunt Monet was--
[clears throat]
She was coming to pick me up.
♪ ♪
I was a few blocks away.
This is before
you found Carrie's body
in her apartment?
♪ ♪
Yeah.
I ended up changing my mind
and decided to go see Carrie.
♪ ♪
Okay. well.
if that's the best you can do
for Carrie Milgram. then...
thanks for your cooperation.
♪ ♪
[soft R&B music plays]
[singer] ♪ Don't nobody know
What I'm goin' through ♪
♪ ♪
♪ They don't know
The kind of pain I'm in ♪
What it feels like ♪
♪ They don't know
About these tics ♪
♪ Know about these scars ♪
♪ Ain't got no answers ♪
♪ I just wanna know
So confused ♪
♪ I'm so damaged
How I'm gonna manage ♪
♪ Sayin' please ♪
♪ I'm down on my knees
Prayin'. wonderin' why ♪
♪ Why not me ♪
♪ It's eatin' me up inside ♪
♪ Don't know why I survived ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Gotta be a bigger plan ♪
[Cane] We here.
Mecca's delivery
should arrive any minute now.
A'ight. so we wait.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
Hey. yo. you know
my girl. Lauren?
♪ ♪
I thought you was. um.
smashing that Effie chick.
She bad as fuck.
Yeah. well. you can keep
your eyes to yourself. nigga.
Yeah. whatever. nigga. Fuck.
♪ ♪
Hey. what's up with that bag
we stole from Mecca?
What else was in there?
I don't know.
and I don't give a fuck.
a'ight?
Seems cap now that you do
all of a sudden.
Nigga. you cap.
You ain't risking your life
for some shit you don't know.
Nigga. why are you
always worried about me
when you need to worry
about what it is
that you need to do?
[dramatic music plays]
They're here.
♪ ♪
A'ight. don't overthink.
Just do it.
You never know
what the fuck I think.
[gun cocking]
♪ ♪
[Lorenzo] Looks good.
Cane. stop.
He knows we're here.
♪ ♪
What?
Come here.
Go check the bag.
Make sure it's Mecca's.
♪ ♪
Monet's killing Mecca. a'ight?
She just had to Mecca think
you was killing your pops
so that Mecca could trust you.
So I'm not killing Lorenzo?
Nah.
Monet lied to me.
Yeah. we're here
to kill Mecca's people.
♪ ♪
[McVey] The bag's a fake.
It's a setup!
[grunts]
♪ ♪
[indistinct shouting]
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[shouts. groans]
You stole my fucking drugs.
You had that shit coming
for a long time. Tariq.
What the fuck is going on?
Now is not
the fucking time. Cane.
Yo. where's Dru?
Oh. shit.
I think I know where he is.
Let's go get him.
♪ ♪
Nigga. you coming?
I gotta get Diana.
She picked up the real bag.
She in on this too?
Shit. Cold world.
♪ ♪
He done. Go.
[line ringing]
Hey. I think my cover's
been compromised.
I'll be in touch.
but I thought you should know.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
There's been a delay
in refueling the jet.
Let's have Tariq meet us here
to save time.
Can you text him?
Yeah. I'll text him.
♪ ♪
Any word from Cane?
He should be done by now.
He's probably
chopping up the body.
[phone keyboard tapping]
Yeah.
[text message swooshes]
♪ ♪
Look. when security
issued me a new student ID.
they asked if I went
into a restricted building
I hadn't even heard of.
- You think that it was me?
- Well. was it?
You said you would never
lie to me.
Me?
You said this was an emergency.
A school ID ain't it.
My ability to trust you
is an emergency.
Unless you disagree.
[phone buzzes]
Oh. shit. I gotta go.
I'm late for practice.
Okay. we'll talk
about this later. all right?
I promise.
Hey!
Have a good practice.
Hey. yo. Dru!
Carlito? What you doing here?
♪ ♪
My man.
Check the bag.
[Dru groans]
♪ ♪
It's empty.
That means Lorenzo's bag
is probably empty too. huh?
♪ ♪
BSK motherfuckers.
Stabbed us in the back.
You working for Mecca now?
Why work for the distro
when you can work
for the connect?
Plus. the way your pops
did Kino.
that was dirty.
Payback's a mother.
♪ ♪
Where's the real bag. Dru?
It'll be over soon
if you just tell us.
♪ ♪
[Cane] What's the fun in that?
Wait. wait.
No. no. no. Whoa.
♪ ♪
Not right here.
Let's put this motherfucker
in the trunk.
Pops gonna make an example
out of him.
- [Dru] All right.
- [spits]
Glad you're a'ight.
Nice to have you back
saving my ass.
[Lorenzo] Where's Dru?
Cane checked in with Dru.
They're good.
Already on the way back.
And Tariq has the bag.
And Monet?
Did you hear
if her part's going okay?
You know what. um. let me
fix you a sandwich. Papi.
I-I know you gotta be starving.
[speaking Spanish]
Remember?
Mamita.I know you.
So everyone thinks I'm
the untrustworthy one. right?
A snitch. Papi?
You know. that's not fair.
That's fucked up.
No daughter of mine
is a snitch.
Don't you ever say that.
[dramatic music plays]
You're always a step ahead.
and you make sure
we see what's coming.
Looking in that fucking bag
makes you smart.
♪ ♪
I only read a few pages.
Papi. they're bank accounts.
Some are for Zeke. me.
Dru. Cane.
and Monet.
♪ ♪
Make sure you
and your brothers stay here.
Don't go out for anything.
I'll be back.
♪ ♪
Yeah. the penthouse.
They expecting me.
[panel beeping]
Right on time. Tariq.
♪ ♪
Let him up.
[Monet]
Let him up and step aside.
♪ ♪
It's over. Mecca.
You betrayed me. Nae-Nae.
But I am not pointing
a gun at you.
Me? You fucking ruined my life.
You ruined Zeke's life.
You shot at us. and you lied.
How is that any different
than what you did?
You stole my product. hmm.
and you lied about it.
Nae-Nae. we are perfect
for each other.
[Monet] Don't you fucking move.
Don't you come any further.
[Mecca] I will do whatever
it takes to have you. Nae-Nae.
Zeke already hates you.
You killed his girlfriend.
Carrie.
and you lied about it. right?
Because you love him.
♪ ♪
[jet engine whirring]
Mecca.
No passenger.
I love you.
I have only ever loved you.
But if you do this to Zeke.
you kill his father.
he's gonna hate you
for the rest of his life.
♪ ♪
[Lorenzo] You ain't
getting away. Mecca.
♪ ♪
Where the fuck you think
you're going. motherfucker?
♪ ♪
[shouts]
[pilot] Oh. my God. Hey. Hey!
♪ ♪
Fuck you.
Zeke will get over it.
♪ ♪
[gunshot echoes]
Yo. you good?
You got this nigga?
Mecca figured that shit out.
He was gonna shoot you
soon as the doors came open.
then turn around and kill me.
- I had no choice.
- [Tariq] Fuck.
A'ight. we gotta clear
these cameras.
- Effie showed me how.
- [Monet] Wait. hold on. Tariq.
Look. you kept your word to me.
so now I'ma keep
my word to you.
If you want out the game.
I won't stop you.
♪ ♪
Well. I'm not about to get
my money from this nigga.
and you don't got a connect.
so...
I think we in this
together for now.
♪ ♪
[person 1]
What the hell is going on?
[person 2]
What the fuck happened?
[person 1]
One guy came out of nowhere.
- [person 2] Where did he go?
- [person 1] He went that way.
♪ ♪
Hello.
We good. Cane?
Yeah. Ma. we good.
Where's your father?
Where were you?
You're here.
Of course I am.
Just like I said.
Ma. Papi. come look at this.
[news anchor] Just coming in
to our newsroom.
we are learning details
of a high-rise homicide.
- Turn it up. D.
- Shhh. This is it.
[news anchor] Breaking news
that Dante Spears.
international businessman.
was found shot dead
at his penthouse
earlier this evening.
The NYPD is working
with the DEA and FBI.
who have no leads at this time.
No further details
are available.
We will bring you live updates
as that story develops.
But now we turn our attention
to New York...
You did it. Ma.
♪ ♪
Anybody hear from Zeke?
- No.
- I haven't.
♪ ♪
[indistinct radio chatter]
You called me
a little late. Dante.
[Detective Pierre]
Agent Rodriguez?
My condolences on your CI.
I'm still interviewing
the doorman.
but he doesn't remember
anyone suspicious.
That's convenient.
And the cameras?
The-the system seems
pretty high-tech.
Wiped. All of them.
We recovered stills
from a long shot in the lobby.
but it's pretty grainy.
♪ ♪
Thanks. Detective.
[scoffs]
Tariq St. Patrick.
We meet again.
[Tariq]
All is fair in love and war.
We do whatever it takes
for family.
White boy hasn't found
anything yet.
but we're still working on it.
[WESLEE's "Gassed" playing]
Davis. I talked to the doctor.
and. uh. the news isn't good.
little bro.
Little brother? Shit.
I'm at least...
♪ ♪
...four inches taller than you.
motherfucker.
And you gonna joke
while I'm trying to--
[Davis laughs]
Look.
Don't go pushing that white boy
too hard. a'ight?
I'd rather die in here
than have you take my place.
♪ ♪
[Tariq] We do whatever it takes
for love.
[Saxe] I think Davis is working
as the Tejadas' consigliere.
If it means getting justice
for Lauren and Carrie...
I'll help you.
♪ ♪
You're gonna violate
every tenet of your oath
as an attorney... for me?
It's-it's not
about my law license.
It's about my life.
If Davis or Cane Tejada
or Tariq St. Patrick
find out that I'm informing
on them.
we both know I'm dead.
♪ ♪
And yeah. I'm doing it
for you...
♪ ♪
...and to see
that justice is done. but...
right now. they feel
like the same thing to me.
♪ ♪
[singer] ♪ Na. na. na. na ♪
♪ I'm taking off ♪
♪ I've closed the door... ♪
[Tariq] We do whatever it takes
for power.
[Tate] Different than what
you might think.
[Kamaal] Save it. 'Shad.
I'm still not fucking with you.
You cost me my job.
And yet here you are. bro.
Still willing to help
your little brother anyway.
Nigga. 'cause you said
you had something important
to show me.
♪ ♪
Sweeney's seat.
You had that made already?
[Tate] You're damn right.
You know you have
to run for his office.
They not just gonna
hand you that shit.
♪ ♪
Listen. 'Maal.
I'm gonna run.
And I'm gonna win.
And I want you to be
the head of my security
to make it up to you.
Me working for you?
♪ ♪
[singer] ♪ I took a step
In the water... ♪
You think I'm stupid?
[singer] ♪ Just to know... ♪
That a yes?
[singer]
♪ Will I fall back home... ♪
[Tariq] We do whatever it takes
to keep what we found.
♪ ♪
I better get going.
That drive to New Haven's
getting to be such a bitch.
Well. then you should
do something about that.
You know. Stansfield. they got
a nice robotics program.
- [Effie] Mm-hmm.
- Just saying.
[singer] ♪ As cold as stone ♪
♪ Can't take no more ♪
♪ To be unknown
Is where I go... ♪
- Yo. drive safe. all right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Hit me when you get there.
- I will.
[singer] ♪ This lonely road ♪
♪ Change the flow... ♪
[Tariq] We do whatever it takes
to get the things back
that we've lost.
♪ ♪
Okay.
Dinner's served. baby.
[chuckles] Enjoy.
Mommy.
I have something for you.
What is it. baby girl?
I think it's from Tariq.
[singer] ♪ I will find my way
Back home ♪
♪ Back home... ♪
[Tariq] Ma. I'll do anything
to get back to you and Yas.
It will take time.
I need money and power
to do it.
but I promise I will do
whatever it takes.
[singer]
♪ Took a step in the water ♪
♪ Just to know ♪
♪ Will I fall back home ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Na. na. na. na ♪
[Tariq] But we never know
when the universe
will change our lives
in an instant.
[singer] ♪ Na. na. na. na... ♪
[Tariq]
And despite our best efforts.
we realized we never had
any power at all.
[singer] ♪ Change the flow ♪
♪ 'Cause I need the space ♪
♪ To grow ♪
[phone ringing]
♪ Hope you know ♪
♪ I will find my way
Back home... ♪
Hello.
Is this Monet Tejada?
Um. the guardian
of Ezekiel Cross?
Yes. this is his mother.
[singer] ♪ Dropped me
In the deep end... ♪
This is Detective
Kevin Whitman. NYPD.
[singer]
♪ I took a step in the water ♪
Mrs. Tejada.
I'm sorry to inform you
that your son Ezekiel Cross...
is dead.
♪ ♪
[somber music plays]